[hip-hop song playing]

[man grunts]

[grunts]

- [man]

Vamos, el n*gro! - [women screaming]

- Really, guys? - Hey, he gotta know we tried, man.

[hip-hop music playing over headphones]

[g*nshots]

[gasps]

You tell any fool dumb enough to put my name on a package that I'm comin'.

You hear me? Yo, I got that Luke Cage.

That Luke Cage.

sh*t is bulletproof.

What's my name? [hip-hop song continues playing]

[theme music playing]

[James]

Mmm-hmm.

Everybody talkin' about Luke Cage like he's Jesus.

Got magazines callin' him the Bulletproof Black Man with Barack's easy smile, Martin's charm and Malcolm's forthright swagger.

Mmm.

For the sisters, he's a sumptuous, dark roast to savor.

Brown-eyed handsome man of their fantasies.

And for the hard rocks, he's the ghetto bogeyman of their nightmares.

Luke Cage makes conventional cop work irrelevant.

Harlem's worship of Luke Cage has reached golden calf proportions.

Luke Cage is soul brother number one! [chuckles]

But I want to ask you to ask yourselves one thing.

Who is he really, Luke Cage? Does he serve the Lord, or does he serve himself? Oh, get to the point, Rev.

What I'm tellin' you I'm tellin' ya is that you you have to take the opportunity to become the hero for yourself.
Discover more
Television
TV
Cello
string instrument
Portable speakers
Flute
Violins
string
Instrument
Horn


You have to take all your hopes, dreams and, yes, your fury to make a plan that will generate that change that you wanna come.

And you have to realize that not one man can save a community.

One man cannot do it by himself, no matter how good, no matter how strong.

[sighs]

And believe me, Luke Cage is nothin' but a man.

And there's a reason we do not worship men.

Because we're weak, subject to temptation, ego, vainglorious, spiteful.

Oh, yes, Lord knows we are spiteful.

Bulletproof skin doesn't change nature.

[D.

W.

]

We shouldn't have to move.

What's this "we" all of a sudden? You just started working here.

We got tour buses every other hour.

This spot's world-famous now.

Well, your videos don't make it easier.

The brother can't eat a sandwich without you pointing a camera in his face.

Look, I'm his Howard Bingham.

I didn't choose Luke's life.

Luke life chose me.

Yeah, well, Luke's life is expensive.

Insurance went through the roof when Diamondback wrecked the shop.

- Landlord's about to double the rent.

- [scoffs]

Luke can cash in anytime he wants, you know what I'm sayin'? Bulletproof's got to be worth somethin'.

Well, Luke's not driven by money.

Who ain't driven by money? That's why they call it money.

You know, that's the problem with your generation.

Oh, here comes the "generation" speech.

Yeah, with the selfies, the groupies, the d*ck pics, the twitty-twit-tweet I mean, y'all even take pictures of your food.

You gotta make sure that's real, too? First, god, n*gg*s always wanna be famous.



Dancin' in the end zones, slam dunk, all of that was invented before I was born, and I don't remember Malcolm or Martin turning down many interviews.

That's 'cause they used publicity to communicate our message.

Money is the message.

Or it should be.

Get paid, black man.

Get yours.

Everyone else is.

- We're here - What the at the world famous Pop's Barber Shop, waiting for the hero of Harlem, Luke Cage, to arrive! Come on, man, that's my job.

Get out of here.

- Where's the love, fam? - [sighs]

They follow him everywhere since that Harlem's Hero app came out.

You see, that's how they do.

They? The black man motivates.

The other man imitates.

I'm just surprised a bulletproof white man hasn't shown up yet.

Give 'em 20 minutes, - I'm sure they'll invent one.

- [D.

W.

scoffs]

Ooh.

That kind of night, huh? Yeah.

[sighs]

I don't think this black college sponsorship thing is gonna work, Bobby.

Logo is too big of a target.

Well, a logo's a terrible thing to waste.

The Carhartt shipment just came in.

And, uh he came back again, too.

[sighs]

Hate the fact that there's a package out there with my name on it, man.

[Fish]

Oh, that's because you're hot.

And, brother, you are en fuego.

Look here.

"A bulletproof black man with Barack's easy smile, Martin's charm and Malcolm's forthright swagger.

" [sighs]

No pressure, right? Breakin' the Internet don't make it easier to hide.

I don't need the spotlight.

The free coffee's kinda cool, though.

What? [chuckles]

What? Hey, Claire's home brew is plenty strong, man.

Don't even go there.

[chuckles]

All right.

[chuckles]

You know, the rent's doubled.

This moving thing is real, Luke.

There's always a little cash lying around after you Look, man, we cannot profit off of misery.

Well, Crispus Attucks rebuilt this place the first time around.

That was restitution, Bobby.

Just because you a woke superhero don't mean you gotta be a broke superhero.

All I'm sayin' is, Luke, just think about sponsorship.

To build a bigger foundation for Pop's dream.

I have dreams, too, Bobby.

[sighs]

Can I breathe first? [door closes]

[sighs]

- You're off-balance.

- Bullshit.

It's a ball.

[sighs]

[grunts softly]

No, it's good.

The nerves are still there.

You have sensation.

Don't look at me like that.

If I had to do it again, I would.

It's the job, okay? It's the risk.

But I don't need your pity.

You saved my life.

I know we're not supposed to talk about it.

And no one is ever gonna know what Matt Murdock did under Midland Circle.

[sighs deeply]

Or what you did for me and Colleen.

It's not pity.

It's appreciation.

Look, you wanna appreciate me, Claire hold on to what you got.

And make Luke realize that no matter how much he loves fighting the fight, - it's not gonna love him back.

- [sighs]

I hear you, Misty.

I really do.

[Misty exhales]

Rivals? We ain't got none.

All those fires you put out, and there's always one more.

Punching water.

When I was a young sheriff, that's what my training officer, Cortez, used to call it.

No matter how many times your fist hits the water, it always refilled itself.

Like you never punched it at all.

Who do you like for your drug connect? El Tercero.

El Rey.

Could be two people for all I know.

Look the department's not moving fast enough.

People are OD'ing left and right.

I gotta stop it.

But, right now, it's just it's just me.

I could really use a partner.

I am done.

I really am.

[inhales deeply]

[exhales]

I'm sorry.

Look, I'll, um, I'll catch up with you later.

Misty.

[jazz music playing]

[man]

Yo, we're ready for this one.

Yeah.

You gotta give your soul, mind and body That's jazz Soul, mind and body That's how we do Soul, mind and body That's jazz Soul, mind and body That's how we do Plastics.

That's our future? [laughs]

Damn, none of y'all saw The Graduate? No, but yes, plastics.

That's how Atreus got their start.

They're small, but brilliant.

If they were acquired by Glenn Industries, however, they'd be the next Dow Chemical.

I have known Mark Higgins of Atreus for years.

He really gets off on being head of the largest black-owned plastics company in the world.

I hear they on some revolutionary sh*t right now.

They've got indestructible plastics for military use, but they also have a 75-inch OLED monitor that's paper thin, you could roll up like a poster, carry it with you.

Weighs two pounds.

American made.

But nobody knows about this yet besides Glenn Industries.

So that's why you want our money.

Atreus' stock is low.

You buy a controlling interest before they announce this new tech, a $20 million investment could be worth billions.

That's inside information.

It's the best kind.

My grandmother thrived on it.

- When do you need our investment? - Yesterday, okay? I've already set up the shell company in the Caymans.

You've already given me power of attorney, so you're insulated.

Mark Higgins won't wanna sell that company.

But if you can convince Mark Higgins otherwise, you'll never have to worry about money another day in your life.

Legitimate millions.

Nothin' to launder.

Blackmail.

Sexpionage.

Want another round? We're good.

Are you and your aunt celebrating a special occasion? Hmm, nephew? Hmm? Wanna be called "Nephew"? Hmm? We good.

Hernan let it go.

Let it go.

Hey, it works.

Who gives a sh*t what anybody thinks? You're right.

Plastics, huh? So you actually said, "What's my name?" Yeah.

Reclaimin' the streets.

Let them know.

What does that even mean exactly? That my name is my name.

I control it, not them.

Like a brand.

Maybe.

I'm not against that.

We could use the money if we're ever gonna get out of my mom's apartment.

[sighs]

You, too? Hey, cops get paid, so do firemen.

Why should you be any different? Look, that's part of the problem.

Nobody knows if you're a cop, a hero or a vigilante.

You gotta formalize it.

[man]

Yeah, that's Mr.

Cage, please? [chuckles]

I got it.

[camera shutter clicks]

- [chuckles]

Mm-hm.

- Thank you.

Thank you.

[sighs]

Everybody loves you.

Yeah, everybody loves you when it's goin' right.

It always turns.

Luke, breathe.

- Calm down.

- [sighs]

Slow down and smell the roses.

Seriously.

[sighs]

You know, you smellin' good right now.

- Oh, and you're still corny.

- [chuckles]

And you still like it.

[reggae music playing]

[waiter grunts]

[waiter grunting]

[waiter groaning and coughing]

No, please.

Please! Please! [grunting]

[both breathing heavily]

What's my name? [both chuckle]

[siren wailing]

Every siren's not for you.

[sighs]

The street works the other 9:00 to 5:00, baby.

[sighs]

[Luke]

What's up? Look like you lost about 30 pounds.

Prison? Fatherhood.

I had a baby girl, man.

Congratulations.

Thank you.

I know this ain't your car, so I guess you still in the game.

This is my pride and joy.

I bodyguard and I drive now.

Who you drivin' for? Mariah? She's done.

What do you mean, she's done? [scoffs]

They goin' legit, and they're sellin' the Hammer contact to the highest bidder.

Who's bidding? You tell me.

Who's got all the money in the streets? Who always needs g*ns? You think of anything else, call me at Pop's.

You got it.

- Come on, man! - You did good, Sugar.

But I know you're lyin' about something, and I can't let you get away with it.

I'm sorry.

You're petty, man! Something's wrong with you.

- [sighs]

- You got my card.

Third one.

And you didn't think to call or drop by? We need to talk.

Why? You could've seen me plenty when I was at Seagate.
Discover more
TV
fiddles
Horn
French horns
Book
Flutes
Freaky Friday
Instrument
musical instruments
Trumpets


You left early, and you didn't leave behind an address.

Bullshit.

You watch your mouth! Would you have preferred I said "Sweet Christmas"? Actually, yes.

I wrote you 45 letters, man.

It was 50, and I sent 'em all back to sender.

I was raw, and I wasn't ready.

I am now.

You couldn't have come to see me once after she died? The warden had to tell me? [sighs]

[sniffles]

Now here you are.

Arms wide, hand out.

You need money, right? Always, but not from you.

You dyin'? A little bit every day, just like everybody else.

I'm surprised you're not doing interviews, tellin' everybody that I'm your son, fillin' up your little pews.
Discover more
Online movie streaming services
Musical composition
instruments
Twinkle All The Way
strings
Trumpets
Online TV streaming services
Television
Gift baskets
String instrument


I was rockin' full congregations before you were born, n*gro, on my name alone.

[chuckles]

Wow.

You are still the same egotistical bastard that you have always been.

Well, I'm not bulletproof, but it works for me.

You You [laughs]

You think the world revolves around you.

You got all these folks out here wantin' to be you, lookin' up to you, but what are you really doing for them? Savin' souls my way walking the righteous path on my own terms and cleaning up your messes.

I'm not perfect, Carl.

At least I can admit that.

But don't we both, both of us, deserve a fresh start? Bring Mama back from the dead.

Could you do that? Then maybe we'll talk.

And my name is not Carl anymore.

Your name is the name I gave you, boy.

Carl.

Just like Willis, right? Stand up.

Nope, over here.

Turn around.

Whoa.

Missed the butt.

Now the front.

If you just look at this job as being a hostess all you'll have to show for it is ankle pain from the six-inch heels and the constant ogling that belies someone of your education.

Instead, why not play both sides against the middle? - [chuckles softly]

- You've done it your whole life.

In one way in Lakeville and another on Flatbush.

You will find there is something in common with the rappers, the moguls, the politicians and the hustlers that come to Paradise lookin' for something.

Clock that, own it, and this entire city could be yours.
Discover more
Portable speakers
Musical instrument
Trumpet
Flutes
TV
Gift baskets
Horn
Strings
Horns
Chanel


There are intangible benefits to being provocative, yet friendly.

You understand? I do.

C'est bon.

You start tomorrow, Billie.

Stephanie, ma'am.

I don't mean to correct you.

No, you're Billie.

It's those sad, compelling eyes of yours.

They're gonna make men want to save you and tell you things.

Hey, we'll use that.

[chuckles]

[sighs]

I'm still better than you.

- Where's Harlem? - [man]

Uptown.

Across the bridge.

You are ready to go? No.

Harlem will have to wait.

Hmm.

First, we take Brooklyn.

[bells chime]

Hey, man.

[sighs]

- [Fish]

How was it? - Awful.

My homeboy's devastated.

His daughter was 15.

People are dropping like flies from that Luke Cage heroin.

Look, I know you're doing your best, bro, but can you step it up? Look, it's not like g*ns, D-Dub.

Those sources are easier to shut down.

Drugs are everywhere.

You shut down one corner, two more pop up.

You got a name yet? El Tercero is all I got.

Nothing in Harlem yet.

You try Washington Heights? Wait a minute.

I don't know about El Tercero, but there's this guy, Arturo Gomez.

He's a Dominican cat.

He was a stick-up kid and hustler.

He used to run this crew called the Rivals.

[Fish]

Nah, he wasn't no Rival.

That was Shades, Comanche, and Romeo's old crew.

If he was a Dominican player, he probably was a Diablo.

They expanded into Harlem from Washington Heights, but got taken out by this Brooklyn-Jamaican posse called the Yardies.

Wait, wait, wait.

I know that face.

Let me see Arturo again.

This guy's on TV 24/7.

Arturo Gomez III.

Looks like the other guy.

That works.

He changed his last name to Rey.

Reinvented himself.

El Tercero.

The Third.

Merlin.

Arturo Rey? [all]

King Arthur.

Sometimes the answer's right in front of you.

[upbeat music playing]

[women vocalizing]

I deal in black and white, I No time for shades of gray Make light of the Golden Rule? Not cool Throw my trust away - Whoo-ooh, ooh-ooh - You got to say what you mean - Whoo, whoo-ooh, ooh-ooh - Stop fussin' 'round in between - Whoo-ooh, ooh-ooh - Be 'bout it or say goodbye Whoo-ooh, ooh-ooh Gotcha.

You got to You got to say what you mean You got to say what you mean Think about it Stop fussin' 'round in between - Stop fussin' 'round in between - Be about it or say goodbye - Be 'bout it or say goodbye - Think about it, be about it Give our love a try Brief me again.

Leave nothing out.

At table two, you have Arturo Rey III.

The discount furniture king of Washington Heights.

He smuggles coke and smack in his couches.

He pushed the Colon brothers out the coke biz once Domingo died.

But the heroin is his real cash cow.

At table six, you have Nigel Garrison and the Yardies.

He runs all the g*ns and gangs in Crown Heights and part of Jamaica, Queens.
Discover more
French horn
Twinkle All The Way
Cello
violin
Gift baskets
Violins
Chanel
strings
music
Instruments


You remember the night at the table at Colon's gym - with his brother, when Diamondback - [g*nsh*t]

Who could forget it? Who is that? At the bar with your jailbird homeboy? [Shades]

Dontrell "Cockroach" Hamilton.

New-school uptown player.

Scarfe tainted his conviction, so they had to let him go.

That uncouth n*gga got $20 mil laying around? [Shades]

Runs an off-book casino.

Might not have the pedigree yet, but he has the high-rollin' rapper and athlete clientele.

These are our best customers.

Why sell the business when there's so much more money to be made? If you need cash, just flip the Basquiat.

Never.

That painting is in my family.

If this investment with Piranha Jones works, every sin ever committed by the Stokes family washes away.

This deal represents the complete end of risk.

Now that's priceless, too.

[audience cheering and applauding]

[funk music playing]

What if I kissed you right now? I mean right now Damn, shawty is svelte.

Mmm, mmm, mmm.

Svelte? Means she thick and she thin at the same time.

[chuckles]

Give a n*gga a thesaurus, and now he's Shakespeare.

What was you reading when you was at Seagate? Machiavelli.

Tupac wrote a book? [chuckles]

See your man Shades came up real quickly while we was gone.

[Comanche]

Yeah.

He's ridin' high.

[Cockroach]

Mmm-hmm.

Listen, this game might be chess, but it ain't no rocket science.

I'm gonna tell you like a n*gga told me.

Never underestimate how quickly old p*ssy can raise a man's stature to new heights.

Shoot your shot, gentlemen.

My millions are already legit.

I've got the product.

Your g*ns represent further profit and protection, and a fortified wall between Washington Heights and Harlem.

I'll bring peace.

Nigel, wagwan? My brethren fought the Reyes in the past.

But now, we can make money together.

But for your g*ns, I can maintain peace uptown and in Brooklyn.

And fight off the Russians, Koreans, or any other blood clot crew that wants to test.

[Cockroach laughing]

My bad, rude boy.

Pardon me.

[chuckles]

With all due respect, Miss Mariah you'd be a fool, you give any of these n*gg*s any real power.

See, me, I don't even want your whole business.

Just controlling interest.

So we can get money together.

Forever.

Keep Harlem black the way it should be.

Southern black.

I ain't talkin' about no cigar-smokin' black, ganja-smokin' black.

Black black.

I think you know what I'm talkin' about.

- [music playing]

- [indistinct chatter]

Be cool.

I got this.

He ain't gonna do sh*t.

Put your g*ns away, gentlemen.

Prison did your body good.

You fightin' them off in the showers, huh? [laughs sarcastically]

You got jokes? What you gonna do, Luke? You gonna arrest me? You gonna slap me around? You'd probably like that.

Oh, we could tussle a little bit, no doubt.

But I think it might make your girlfriend Claire a little jealous.

I like her dress.

Be a shame if something happened to her.

Take her home, Carl.

You take her home.

[slow music playing]

[vocalizing]

What the hell are you doing? How did you even find me? I used the Harlem's Hero app, just like everybody else.

Your celebrity distracts people, including you.

While you weren't looking, I blended into the crowd and waited till they went upstairs, and I took photos.

Everybody in VIP or her office is a player, right? You're gonna need to ID them.

All I did was pretend to take selfies.

Claire, you [sighs]

I'm your backup, not just your woman.

You don't leave me behind, especially when you're gonna do something stupid.

Look, every time I look at Misty's arm, or or what used to be her arm, I think of you and what could have happened.
Discover more
French horn
instrument
Instrument
Horns
Horn
string
Flute
Television
Drum
trumpet


You don't think I do the same thing? That's the risk that we take.

No, she takes that risk.

I take that risk.

That's our job, not yours! You're not invincible! Somebody's gonna figure out how to hurt you.

They already have.

I can't lose you.

I love you.

You can't lose me.

Woman you are a pain in my a*s.

You know that? You're no picnic, either.

That's why this works.

[cell phone ringing]

- Luke Cage.

Who's this? - [Sugar]

It's Sugar, man.

Make it sweet, Sugar, or I'll be bitter.

I heard some sh*t.

Drove some cats that work for Arturo out to Mount Vernon.

They were going to a bachelor party out at Sue's Rendezvous.

Drunk off they asses.

Anyway, what I heard them say in English was about a shipment near the river.

The river? Yeah.

Who would ever think to look there? [sighs]

You're in my cape.

[Claire chuckles softly]

- Whatever, Power Man.

- [sighs]

Ouch.

It's me.

He took the bait.

Where's my money? Whoa.

What the hell are you doing out? You ain't eligible for parole.

I wasn't.

They tossed my conviction, thanks to your man Scarfe.

What? I know, right? I was ecstatic.

I would take the n*gga out for a drink, like back in the day, but Ah Yeah.

Uh, well I guess I can thank you for arresting me illegally.

n*gga, I ain't have sh*t to do with that.

Ooh.

[chuckles]

Even if you did, it's double jeopardy, sugar.

Got to love the loopholes.

Make America great again if you ask me.

- Ain't nobody ask you sh*t.

- [chuckles]

Mmm, mmm, mmm.

I know you arrested me and everything, - but, God, baby, you fine as hell.

- Ugh.

Why don't you roll with me, huh? I could take care of you.

Given your whole condition, we'd always find a parking spot.

[laughs]

Let me take you to Foxwoods.

Play the one-armed bandit.

Think about it, sweetheart.

[door opens]

[jazz song playing]

[door closes]

That's not your usual.

It's my grandmother's favorite.

It's her birthday today.

Why celebrate someone you hate? That's what family is for.

It's the hate that makes it special.

[sighs]

Cockroach is right.

We can minimize our stake and still see perpetual risk-free money.

By going with Arturo III, we are not selling for top dollar.

But we protect Harlem by giving our g*ns to somebody who is stable and not a lunatic.

Do you know what a half billion dollars will do for my family's name? My name is Dillard but I'm haunted by being a Stokes.

One deal changes all of that.

You could have all the money in the world, you still ain't nothing but a n*gga to some people.

- Ms.

n*gga.

- [chuckles]

Tell me you're not sick of all this bullshit.

Hmm? Don't you want to give Hernan a chance, instead of Shades? - Hmm? - [sighs deeply]

Arturo will settle tonight.

I even gave him some presents upfront to sweeten the deal.

I trust you, man.

- Like no one else.

- Mmm.

You rock me.

[clicks button]

Ouch.

- [g*nsh*t]

- [grunting]

[grunts]

I don't understand.

[grunts]

Neither do I.

Ooh, ooh, ooh! Got it all, man.

- Yo, man, what are you doing here? - Harlem's Hero app, man.

Every time someone spots you, you get tagged.

It's like Waze, for you.

Let me guess.

You gonna post it, right? You know it! [sighs]

Whatever, man.

So how do I look? Yo.

You on that superhero sh*t for real, all tattered and sh*t.

Straight official.

Forget this, man.

Yo, I'm Luke Cage.

You can't burn me, you can't blast me, and you definitely can't break me.

You wanna test me? Step up.

I'm right here.

I ain't going nowhere.

You know where to find me.

I am Harlem, and Harlem is me.

[D.

W.

laughs]

Dab on 'em! - [engine starts]

- [D.

W.

laughs]

Get paid, black man! Get paid! [Misty]

Captain.

Detective Knight! [laughs]

When did you transfer from Midtown Homicide? Oh, when Ridley made deputy chief and got transferred to One Police Plaza.

Not to be impolite, but what are you doing here? I'm back.

Only a fool walks away from three-quarters pension, tax-free for life.

You're a lot of things, but you're nobody's fool.

I don't want a Purple Heart.

I want my job back.

You're not ready.

To be a poster child? You're damn right.

Cockroach got out.

Ran into his a*s outside the damn grocery store.

How many other cases got bounced because of Scarfe? - As many as 30.

- [scoffs]

Well, then I'm gonna put them all back, one at a time.

Damn, boy.

What happened? [sighs]

Arturo Rey III is all yours.

His car's parked outside.

El Tercero, my a*s.

This is a part of a Judas b*llet and a Judas g*n.

[shrapnel clatters]

- That's automatic federal time, right? - Hell, yeah.

Might be enough to get Arturo to talk.

Or give up two other folks down at Harlem's Paradise I am dying to holler at.

[Ridenhour]

Mr.

Cage.

I'm Captain Ridenhour.

I heard about you.

Your reputation precedes you.

I can say the same for you.

You can't keep doing what you're doing.

Kicking a*s and shutting down drug labs? I have no idea what you're talking about.

[Ridenhour]

I've got a map that says otherwise.

Oh.

That's just my reputation preceding me.

You're an unlicensed w*apon.

You need to work with us, legally.

I'm doing your work for you, allegedly.

Step up.

Okay? Make me believe again.

It's good to see you back where you belong, Misty.

[Nigel]

How'd you get in here? If that's the question you're asking, you're in worse shape than I thought, boy.

Johnny? Ah you dat? Bushmaster.

[clears throat]

Dem call me Bushmaster now.

My brother said you would never come here.

And your brother told me he'd never do business with a Stokes.

I warn him.

He went to a meeting with her and end up dead.

You don't tell me for my business or what's right for my business outta nowhere! - You talk rude to me? - No.

I speak at you, not to you.

You're soft and weak.

[scoffs, sucking teeth]

You talk tough.

Think you can take out Mariah Dillard? - Take over Harlem? - Mariah Stokes.

Mariah Stokes.

Harlem is mine.

Ah mi birthright, you know.

Even if you take out Mariah, if you want Harlem, you still have to take out Luke Cage.

And him answers to no one.

Luke Cage.

The Bulletproof Man.

- [scoffs]

- Mi seen it with my two eyes.

- Him crumbles g*ns like paper.

- [chuckles]

You're saying paper covers rock? Who do you think you're talking to? Mi from the rock, too, you know? I am the rock.

[screaming]

Anybody want to leave, now's the time.

[pants]

Oh, you stay? Good.

We have work to do.

[metal rattling]

A Judas b*llet bounced right off me.

If you ever say Claire Temple's name aloud again I'll k*ll you.

I'll go to jail with a smile on my face.

No b*llet can k*ll me.

No jail can hold me.

You hear me? Nothing can stop me from getting to you.

[door closes]

[glass shatters]

[funk music playing]

Your Honor, the State of New York charges the defendant, Mariah Stokes Dillard, with the crime of m*rder in the first degree.

Twelve counts, with victims that include her own cousin, Cornell "Cottonmouth" Stokes.

Objection! Again, for the fourth time.

Mr.

Donovan, need I remind you, there are no cameras in this courtroom? That's hard to believe, given the way District Attorney Tower is acting, Your Honor.

I object to the prosecution's grandstanding during what should be a simple arraignment for a first time offender.

I'm not grandstanding, Your Honor.

Ms.

Stokes Dillard's hands are drenched with blood.

Besides her role in the so-called "Rum Punch m*ssacre," Ms.

Stokes Dillard faces separate federal SEC violations for financial irregularities for her role in the Atreus Plastics merger Look at her.

She's done.

We finally got her.

I mean, look at her squirming.

She's about to slither.

I'd like to remind the court that Councilwoman Stokes has been an upstanding member of her community, and, like yourself, a fellow Delta Sigma You! You m*rder*d my children! You m*rder*r! Order! Order! Order.

Bail is denied.

Ms.

Stokes Dillard's passport is to be revoked, and she is to be remanded to Rikers until a trial date is set.

Your Honor, may I speak? I can't believe I'm actually entertaining this, but proceed.

Your Honor, I am not a flight risk.

I'm not a risk to the people.

I love my people.

Allow me to explain.

There is a storm wall around Harlem.

One that was built, brick by brick, by my grandfather Samuel Stokes and my grandmother Mabel.

That wall is eroding.

Global warming has taken its toll.

Y'all denied the science.

The water has gotten hotter.

What should've been a thunderstorm is now becoming a hurricane.

But no one is prepared.

Nothing has been fortified.

Resources will be overwhelmed.

The rains will come torrential, and the water will rise too fast.

Get down! People won't have time to evacuate.

If you release me I will fortify that wall around Harlem before it's too late.

I find your Katrina references offensive.

I have family from Louisiana who lost everything.

As long as you have been on the bench, as long as everyone here has been alive, there has been a Stokes patching up that wall around Harlem.

You need me out there.

You want me out there.

Because without me, God help Harlem.

God help us all.

Hell has returned to Harlem.

sh*t.

Violent crime has increased 75% since the arraignment of former councilwoman turned criminal godmother Mariah Dillard Stokes.

Police and emergency response times have increased to all-time highs.

- Professor Cobb.

- You can call me Jelani.

Jelani, you teach at Columbia University and are a longtime resident of Harlem.

What's your take? I'm shocked, like everybody else.

I've never seen anything quite like this.

There's shootouts on Convent Avenue.

Old ladies in Sunday hats are getting smacked around on Strivers' Row.

I read your New Yorker profile on Luke Cage.

You talk about his bulletproof skin and his forthright swagger.

Damn, bro.

"Streets is hot" takes on a whole new meaning with you.

No doubt.

It's like the Wild Wild West out there.

If the police are overwhelmed, shouldn't someone like Luke Cage be more of a factor? Here we go.

Luke's a good brother.

At his best, he's shelter from the storm.

Stand close? You might not get wet.

But not even Luke Cage can control the weather.

No one's blaming you, player.

Doesn't feel like it.

I thought things would get better with Mariah off the streets.

Not worse.

Tilda.

Ah, Detective Knight.

You know, I never had a chance to thank you for what you did for us.

I was just doing my job.

Are you here on the job now? Depends.

You, uh, making more tender vittles for your friend? What friend? Bushmaster is not my friend.

I didn't say Bushmaster.

But, now that you mentioned it I mean, he didn't heal himself.

And he probably did not slip inside your mother's club by himself, either.

I think you helped him.

Maybe you're Harlem's Patty Hearst.

Bushmaster tied us up burned my family's brownstone to the ground, and my mother's response was to m*rder an entire restaurant full of innocent people.

Now, I have to reconcile with the fact that that is where I come from.

And I wanted to help her, but I can't.

She is evil.

And Detective, all I wanna do is move on with Do you know where Bushmaster is? No.

Detective, you wanna walk around and snoop around my shop, you're gonna need a warrant for that.

I know my rights.

You see, now, right there you sounded just like your mama.

Whatever you think you're doing, stop.

She's gone.

But not for long.

She's not stupid.

Do you have it? Is it ready now? It might not work.

It has to.

Ingrid.

His fever is breaking.

Whatever you gave him is working, but he's weak.

This root will help with his memory.

But he needs therapy, which includes rest and diluted doses of nightshade, which you can only find in Nine Mile.

I understand.

Johnny? Mmm-hmm.

Drink.

Evil won't die on its own.

You know? It only festers.

Is she dead? No.

Mariah must burn.

It's the only way.

Hey, John, come.

John, come, come.

Come on, man, easy.

Easy, now.

Go easy.

Easy.

Harlem's getting carved up like a birthday cake.

Who sent out the invites? Well, it wasn't Eric Hong of the Koreans.

He's dead.

The Dominicans never recovered from losing Arturo Rey.

Ain't them neither.

That leaves the Puerto Ricans and the Stylers.

And I haven't seen a single Jamaican since the surge began.

As usual, Carl, you don't know sh*t.

Think about it.

Who has history with each other in East Harlem? Who has always wanted to expand west? The Boricuas and the Italians.

Anibal Izqueda is making moves on real estate and g*ns, yes, but only because the Italians backed them against the Koreans.



And they got the juice downtown to keep the Yangsi Gonshi out of it.

I can't trust a damn word you're saying.

You're feeding on the chaos.

Now that Mariah's out of the way, you wanna take over.

I can't even if I wanted to.

Whole world knows that I'm a snitch.

I'm out.

But that doesn't mean I can't help you win.

Help me win? Help me win what? When I was a kid my mother worked the counter at Cuchifritos on 116th.

Hector's been the manager there forever.

The Fania All Stars used to come in there and eat before going across the street to sign autographs at Casa Latina.

Three punks robbed that place the other day.

Smacked old Hector across the head.

He died of an aneurysm this morning.

The old rules are being broken.

Everything is changing for the worse.

You started that when you and Tone shot this place up and k*lled Pop.

That was Tone.

That wasn't me.

You had a g*n in your hand.

You're just as guilty.

Rosalie Carbone wants to take over Harlem.

The same way her father did back in the day when he tried to push the Stokes out of Harlem's Paradise.

She's been waiting for an opening like this, and now she has one.

I don't like you, Carl.

I never have, I never will.

But you are the only person that can make this right.

Hey, who told you you could touch the board? He came back for his birthright.

He will always be a threat from the shadows.

We just talked about her.

There needs to be a third candidate.

Someone who loves Harlem.

Someone who wants to shake things up.

Someone who wants to flip the system on its head.

Who's that? Fastest way to stop the flow is to put your hand on the faucet.

That's all I'm saying to you.

You're right, Shades.

You are done on the streets.

And you're done here, too.

If you show up again without an invite and I'm here I'll k*ll you on sight.

You hear me? See? You're not polite anymore.

That's how it starts.

Little Italy? I don't know.

Let me ask my man.

You're like Uber for thugs.

If you wanna know anything about anybody, ask a driver.

Wagwan? sh*t! sh*t! sh*t! Rosalie Carbone says, "Goodbye, moolie.



" Wop b*tch! Do it! Do it quick! You don't remember me, do you, May May? Sunflower? I go by my given name now, baby.

Kalinda.

Well, you've grown.

Mabel sure would be proud.

It's a shame you in here, though.

Yeah.

Yeah, well Thanks for keeping my back.

Don't thank me yet, b*tch.

Mabel didn't do right by me.

That's my fault? We'll protect you, but you're gonna have to pay us.

You know I'm good.

I am good for it.

Just one condition.

I wanna carve my name in that Jamaican b*tch that threw kerosene up in my hair.

Let me hold something.

One of Pete's nasty-a*s gals.

Look in my eyes! I am the head n*gga in charge.

I'll pay you 150 large a year.

Twenty tonight, each.

I'll pay your people on the outside.

Ask around about Mariah Stokes.

I'm the real for real.

You with me? A'ight.

Then clean all this sh*t up.

Ben you need to get here.

Right now.

Bring 40.

I don't care if you shove it up your a*s.

Just do it.

Nice.

People always want to see if the myth is true.

I see it's not a myth in your case.

You realize I have more guys.

Doesn't matter.

I'll never stop.

I can't speak for Yangsi Gonshi, but Anibal Izqueda wouldn't have the wit to pierce Mariah's wall if you didn't back them up.

Sounds like you're about to tell me what to do.

You're right.

Stay your a*s out of Harlem.

I was born and raised on Pleasant Avenue.

Harlem is my home.

I'm not going anywhere.

What part don't you understand? What are you gonna do if I don't leave? You gonna k*ll me? So smooth.

You could k*ll me.

That would be easy for you.

But my Russian friends from Brighton Beach would have no qualms shooting up school yards and taking out whole families, Moscow style, if you did that.

We make too much money together.

I will destroy your trucks.

I will raid every single warehouse.

I will disrupt the profits of your partners so much that they will hand you over to the feds.

I will make your life a living hell.

Or? Tell everyone to back off.

No action above 114th or below 150th.

From Harlem River Drive to the West Side Highway.

Retribution on anyone who acts a fool on Lenox Avenue, Strivers' Row, Rucker Park or any of the parks.

A lockbox around Harlem.

How much would it cost to get a key made? I can't be bought.

You can't answer that truthfully yet, sweetheart.

You don't know your price yet.

Mr.

Cage.

Next time, let's do this over coffee.

You ever been to Caffe Reggio? I don't like espresso.

No one's made you a proper cup.

Is Anansi's body in there? The coffin's already on the ship, waiting for them.

In Delaware.

New York feels too hot.

Johnny finally got to top of the hill.

Now, he can't even enjoy the view.

It always seems like it's worth it, but it's not.

I'm glad I didn't k*ll you, you know.

You're a good woman.

If I can give him just a little bit of peace, I will have done something.

The things that the Stokes did to him can't ever be repaid.

But I am no longer paying for my mother's sins.

Not anymore.

Can we be candid in here? Yes.

It's the attorney-client room.

It would be illegal for anyone to listen in, and anything that they heard would be inadmissible.

Besides, I bought the head CO a Porsche.

The monitors are off.

Did you bring the money? I gave it to their people.

They'll put it on their books.

Nothing will trace to you.

What about the snitch? He's untouchable.

Even if we eliminated our problem, he's already gone on the record.

There's physical evidence, and his death would force them to corroborate other things.

Maybe not.

What do you mean? There's still a jury to contend with.

A jury might buy how a rich but lonely widow could be seduced by an aggressive, emotionally manipulative man who uses sex and physical intimidation to inveigle an otherwise upstanding woman into a life of crime.

True.

He has numerous murders that he's admitted to.

Even the g*n that was used on poor Candace Miller was a family heirloom that he stole.

- Without my permission.

- Exactly.

He also, by his own admission, tampered with Cornell's crime scene.

- Correct? - Mmm-hmm.

So in a court of law, it's reasonable to assume There's reasonable doubt about my guilt in any of this.

Mr.

Alvarez is no Sammy the Bull.

More like Shades the Bullshitter.

Revoke his pass.

It's dangerous.

It's risky.

But it's worth it.

Anybody else roll? No.

Can't give them the chance to.

Everyone? Everyone who is not protected by blood or attorney-client privilege.

I appreciate that.

I thought you would.

And Sugar.

Why Sugar? His wife gave me clothes.

I'll never forget that.

Mercedes.

Mercedes.

Victims six and seven tonight.

These two were identified by Shades as part of the Rum Punch m*ssacre.

And the others were gonna be named in an indictment that was going out tonight.

Mariah is cleaning house.

Calling Mr.

Alvarez? Straight to voice mail.

- You don't think it's him doing this? - No.

I'm worried he's already dead.

Hey! Hey! How the hell did you get in here? You need to help me.

Tell your mother I'd never rat.

I'd never roll over.

What's going on? Just about anybody that's ever worked at Harlem's Paradise is dead.

Damn it, Alex! You knew who she was better than anyone.

You should've walked when you had the chance.

I wanted to.

I just couldn't.

She She has a way.

But she does love you.

I know that much.

I can't help you.

Please, leave.

Before I call the police.

Look, she's dangerous.

Even if she doesn't mean to be.

She can't help it.

She's a Stokes.

Huh.

You meditating? Not my style.

My phone has been blowing up.

Everyone I know that's ever worked for her is now gone.

Dead people can't testify.

I gotta see Mariah.

Before she reopens the hole in the wall I just patched up.

I agree.

You've got no other choice.

- She coming at your people? - No.

And she won't.

I don't know why, but I like you, Sugar.

Why did you ever start working for the Stokes? I came up in St.

Nick Projects, three doors down from Teddy Riley.

Word? I couldn't sing, but I could knock the snot out of a quarterback.

Every school came to see me.

Girls screaming my name That's why they call me Sugar.

I was the man till I twisted my knee.

That was my shot.

I thought I was done.

Then this councilwoman, Mariah Dillard, paid for my tuition at Grambling, even though I couldn't play.

And even after I dropped out, Cottonmouth gave me a job and kept food on my table.



How could I say no to that? That's the thing about power.

People don't care how you get it.

It's all about how you use it.

Right.

Just trying to wrap my head around this thing, that's all.

I'm trying to broker a peace, if there is such a thing.

Ain't no different than being a diplomat, right? Kick-a*s Kissinger.

I'm with it.

Believe it or not Mariah really does love Harlem.

So do I.

So do I.

Give me your phone.

Now! Nice try.

Put me on the list under a different name, and I speak to her alone.

My baby! No! My Alex! Please, no! Why? Alex! Let go of me! No! Alex! There's nothing you can do to me.

But there is so much that I can do to you.

I ain't gonna front.

I was hurt when you snitched.

Did you ever love me? I still love you.

Harder than Che? See? That's what you never understood.

When you're away at college, this feels real.

But when you graduate, it's different.

I was committed to you.

Everything.

He would've figured that out eventually.

Me and you could've ruled Harlem together.

Forever.

Mmm, don't.

No.

No, 'cause you need to hear this.

You talked to me about the light.

About being Hernan and putting Shades away.

But you were the one who sold your soul.

And for what? The legacy of some some last name that you hate? All you had to do was give me the club, like I asked you.

Or sell that that g*dd*mn painting.

And none of this would have happened.

We would have been out there, doing our thing.

I really am done with all this sh*t, and I have you to thank for that.

Don't leave.

I already had to off somebody in here.

I'm gonna have to do it again.

Let me give you some advice.

Gangster to gangster.

This is your life now.

Your head on a swivel.

No one you can ever trust.

Don't worry.

You're a natural.

Hernan.

Bye, baby.

Tilda just called.

She's ready to see you.

Fine.

Let's get it over with.

Damn.

I thought she liked that kid.

Mariah has no like in her.

Have you seen Sugar? Nah.

I need to see her.

What for? Closure.

Look, can you get me on the list? And jeopardize my case? Hell, no.

Look, that b*tch is in jail, and she is still murdering people.

Even if I can't prove it.

All the more reason for somebody to talk some sense into her.

What? You don't trust me? Oh, I trust you implicitly, but you're not the right person for this, Luke.

I'm sorry.

Understood.

Foggy.

Cockroach's lawyer I need a number.

A cell number.

Not the office.

It's good to see you.

I said some harsh things the last time we talked.

You think? Have you ever been r*ped? When you're r*ped, there's a part of you that just dies.

It's the only way to cope.

But then you're left with a piece of you that doesn't feel.

Can't feel.

I know I'm supposed to love you.

I just don't know how.

I don't know how to say it.

Try saying nothing at all.

You're just evil.

No.

I'm necessary.

Necessary? All those people dead.

Necessary? Even Alex? For what? Hmm? You think that's gonna work? Do you Do you really think that you're gonna get out of here? If there is a single person from Harlem on my jury, I walk.

Because there will be no one to contradict what they see.

That's the thing about black excellence, baby.

It shields you.

And when I get out, you and I, we will start over again from scratch.

Now, you need to forgive me.

My time here already, I I have changed in ways that I never anticipated.

Your life is a waste.

Every person who's ever loved you, who you didn't k*ll, you pushed away.

Even your precious Harlem.

I almost feel sorry for you.

I pushed you away.

Hmm.

Just like Mama Mabel did me.

And you're better for it.

No one will ever hurt you, because you'll never be hurt worse.

And that's a blessing? You're prepared.

Nobody will ever betray you, 'cause you'll never let 'em close enough.

You're welcome.

Look, I need you to look in on the Paradise for me.

And why the hell would I do that? Because it's home.

The music lives inside of you, Tilda.

Whether or not you surrender to the rhythm is up to you.

But before you walk away from it, from me, from our legacy You stand inside of it.

You tell me I'm wrong.

Hey I no longer see Pete's face when I look at you.

I see mine.

Oh, sweetie.

I love you, Mother.

I hope you find peace.

Even though you don't deserve it.

You're never gonna guess who just called me.

She called me "Mother.

" Not "Mommy.

" Tilda didn't mean a damn thing she said.

I need you to do something.

And it needs to be official.

Who? Who called? Your spell is broken The truth wide open You're done taking All I've got to give You done hurt me, Mama Now no more drama Clipped my wings And now it's time to live 'Cause I'm so tired of trying So damn tired of hiding From these truths Been crying with these lies subsiding And the price I'll have to pay For your sin Is a price worth paying 'Cause everything must come to an end Time to walk my own path Ain't no looking back It's time to fight For what I know is right No more shady business And God's my witness What was dark Is about to come to light There ain't no "family first" What you meant was you, you thirst In the end, everyone else gets hurt Because this legacy's cursed And the price I'll have to pay For this sin Is a price worth paying 'Cause everything has come to an end Everything has come to an end Everything has come to an end Hoo This is highly unusual and admittedly awkward.

So leave.

This is a first.

You want to see me, and I want to see you.

I met with Rosalie Carbone.

I heard.

I repaired the wall.

There's a new gangster in town.

I prefer "sheriff.

" "Diplomat," maybe.

How about "warden," jailbird? Hey, you're the one wearing the jumpsuit.

Look Shades is done.

The Stylers are done.

Don't undercut the peace that I have brokered by k*lling anyone else.

I simply don't have that kind of juice anymore, babe.

You think too much of me, kid.

I think very little of you.

And soon not at all.

Everybody else I called here in some way.

But you came on your own.

You really care about me, don't you? You really are delusional.

You were the catalyst, man.

You made me find who I really am.

In a strange way, we're responsible for each other.

b*tch, please.

Uh, no offense.

None taken, n*gga.

The preacher's son.

Even when you're ugly, you are regal.

Harlem's gonna need a king.

I'm glad it's you.

And I'm glad that you're never going to get out of here.

Everyone has walked away from you.

And I'm gonna be the last one.

Don't be too sure sh*t.

Mariah? Tilda! sh*t! Beso de la Araña.

No one's coming.

You can't save me? Nah.

I've done all the saving I can do.

But I will keep you company.

Thank you.

It burns.

Good.

We ain't done yet, Luke.

Hernan Alvarez.

You are under arrest for the m*rder of Candace Miller and Darius "Comanche" Jones.

- Bullshit.

I have a deal.

- Mmm.

Now, you see, you alienated your lawyer before she could explain the fine print.

Your proffer was contingent upon the successful conviction of Mariah Dillard.

And when she died, your deal died with her.

Oh.

And we also received an anonymous ledger with your Atreus dealings and a code that I bet will match up with g*n sales.

She thought of everything, didn't she? What a crazy b*tch.

Yeah.

That's something we finally agree on.

I've known your family for years.

I've done them all.

Do you want the usual bells and whistles? Mahogany and gold? Just cremate her.

I don't care about her ashes.

Uh, as you wish, Ms.

Stokes.

The last Stokes just died.

It's Johnson.

Tilda Johnson.

Sorry, May May.

She really died in your arms? And she thanked me.

I'm not sure how I feel about that.

I was around that lady my whole life.

I know she was evil, but I can't front.

I'm gonna miss her.

Personally I haven't felt this weird since November 9th.

Know what I'm saying? Easy, bredren.

I heard the news.

Harlem is in the right hands now.

Walk good, man.

You really are Luke Corleone, aren't you? It's not like that, D-Dub.

The streets not hot no more.

The dealers left the park.

What did you do? I had a few conversations.

Uh, put some people on notice.

I made things right.

Wait, wait, the crime faucet your mans was talking about That's why you went to see Mariah on that Hyman Roth sh*t.

Look I'm bulletproof.

Okay? You can't burn me.

You can't blast me.

And you can't break me.

And most importantly you can't buy me.

I'm the only person that can make Harlem great again, D-Dub.

Luke Trump.

Listen, I'm sorry to say this, man, but if you're gonna be the boss of crime, then you're a crime boss.

Ain't no two other ways about it.

You and Sug got to bounce.

- What? - Yeah.

Yeah, you heard me.

'Cause I'mma tell you what I'm finna do.

When Ms.

Hopson comes here, I'm giving her all the money I made selling this merchandise, and I'm taking over the lease of the barbershop.

Because if this is the route that you're gonna go, you can come here and get your hair cut, but that's it.

Can't talk shop around here.

'Cause this place is Switzerland.

It has to be, and you know it.

All right.

All right.

I respect that.

Mr.

Cage.

We need to talk.

Not here.

- Coming, big man? - No doubt.

I thought you weren't a king.

I'm not.

I'm a rook.

Luke, wait.

Don't do this, man.

You don't have to do it like this.

Somebody has to.

Ms.

Stokes' handwritten will is as follows.

The Basquiat will be donated to the Studio Museum of Harlem.

Her leftover millions will transform the Family First Initiative into the Family First Foundation.

Tilda she left you Cornell's keyboard.

And I quote "To Carl Lucas, known on the streets of Harlem as Luke Cage, I give Harlem's Paradise.

The club, the deed, the name.

" Why? Because Tilda just lied to you? No.

Harlem's Paradise is the crown jewel of Harlem.

It should go to someone who loves Harlem as much as I do.

You know the story of the Sirens? The beauty of their voices compelled men off course to crash against the rocks.

This club will be his siren.

He'll be lulled by its song, lulled by so-called greatness.

She really said that? "You can't rule no kingdom from a barbershop," is what she said to me.



The preacher's son will think he can use the roost to change things, to control it.

But in the end it will change him.

Do you want it? Nah.

You should burn it.

Burn it down to the ground.

You know, just because she gave it to you didn't mean you had to take it.

Everything flows through here, right? I can watch from above.

Like a hawk.

Or a dictator.

This is the right move, Misty, trust me.

Things are quiet again.

I did that.

Not all crime is gone, but people are thinking twice now.

They know there's a new sheriff in town.

We can finally protect Harlem again.

I'll enforce the unwritten rules while you enforce the written ones.

And what about the law, Luke? But when has the law ever really protected us? Don't think that I will hesitate to take you down if you start acting a fool.

I'm counting on it.

Rosalie Carbone needs to talk.

Anibal Izqueda is here, too.

What do you want me to do? Put them in VIP downstairs.

Anything else? Welcome to Harlem The home of innovating Legacies, stories of gods k*lling Satan Where they honor Harlem's father Philip Peyton The Renaissance in the making Ellington, Garvey Joe Louis, Lena Horne Malcolm, Miles, Louis Armstrong But now crime is the new crave So it's a new crusade So salute to Luke Cage Fight for the cause All the way to the top Rivalry wars Life could be lost No time for remorse Forward, always for Pop Until the crown is rightfully yours But success brings sacrifice And knowing what's at stake The pressure could crack a pipe But everything has a price But you pay with your life In the king's paradise This story gets complicated He got framed for a crime And incarcerated Locked up His alter ego builds Experimented on Left him with superhero skills Now every day he gets twice as strong Bulletproof skin, but his life is torn The only lady he ever loved In his life is gone Escaped prison Got to fight to right his wrong No question He gonna take on the whole hood In a hoodie No weapons and no cape on One by one and knock 'em out Until Cottonmouth is forgot about But success brings sacrifice And if you thinking it's a piece of cake You can have a slice It's like gambling with a pair of dice But you pay with your life In the king's paradise She's here.



What do you want me to tell her? Tell Claire to go home.

Your strength is from God, Carl.

I have no doubt in my mind about that.

But with that kind of power comes its share of pain.

I know, Dad.

Science? Magic? God? That power flows from within.

From inside.

What comes out when that pressure is heaviest? That's the real magic.

That's what defines being a man.

That's what defines being a hero.
Quick! This way! Stay on 'em! Right there! Right there! Move! Move! Move! Okay.

Okay.

sh*t.

sh*t.

sh*t.

sh*t.

sh*t.

Mr.

Cage! You can release the little guppy.

Or you can fight.

The choice is yours.

You think we lost him? Mr.

Cage! Does it sound like we did? Hear me now.

Search everywhere.

There.

- Above! - Sweet Christmas.

Up on the rooftop there! Go! Go! Go! - Hurry.

- Find them! What? How we gonna make that? I can't make that.

Oh, hell, no! God damn.

You won't have to.

Get him! Now! Damn.

You got five seconds to tell me why your boss invaded Harlem and what he wants with Raymond Jones.

Five, four, three, two, one.

Rassclaat! This way.

Up there! I can't.

He ain't gonna make it.

How the hell you do that? Don't look so surprised, man.

Let's go.

Damn.

Look what you did to my leg, Luke.

Supposed to save me, not hurt me.

sh*t.

"Rassclaat.

" What does that even mean? That's a foul.

Didn't he see that? - They hesitating.

They gonna lose.

- Huh? What you say? They got too much power, too much talent.

They cannot lose.

And now, a WBPJ breaking news update.

Tonight, a grisly discovery at Harlem's Shirley Chisholm Complex turned a ribbon-cutting celebration into a macabre nightmare.

A warning: The visuals you are about to see are deeply disturbing.



Come on in! Three severed heads were placed at the complex, owned by former councilwoman Mariah Dillard.

And with emerging reports of an armed attack at a party thrown by Harlem-based Wall Street impresario Raymond "Piranha" Jones and Mexican cartel-level v*olence, one wonders if there are more ominous events ahead.

No matter where you go, savagery.

Pure savagery.

Where's the talent in that? Where's the power? All I see is fear.

Talk, bredren.

Piranha's gone.

He's running.

- How? - Luke Cage.

Rassclaat.

- You check the Harlem's Hero app? - I did.

Nothing yet.

Call Irie Cabs.

Tell Berchel I need Done.

He gave me four cabs to cover the area.

I don't want four cabs.

I want every cab.

Flood the streets, and he'll float to the surface.

You hear? Yeah, skipper.

And, Sheldon, hear me now.

No weakness.

No excuses.

Move.

Move! Psst! I'm good.

I don't need no ride, man.

You seen Luke Cage? Nah, man.

The brother don't got a smoke signal.

He just kinda shows up, right on time.

Check the barbershop.

Keep asking around for him.

He'll find you.

We good? We're good.

Walk good, bredren.

Ma, I'm around the corner.

Tell Aunt Val to stay at home.

The streets is hot.

Whew.

sh*t.

Man, you gotta get me out of here.

Not until you tell me why the Stylers are after you.

I ain't had no R&B group at my party.

The Jamaicans, sucker, from Brooklyn.

Why are they after you? Or is it somebody you deal with? What's your connection to Mariah Dillard and Shades Alvarez? Stacks.

Bills.

Gouda.

Paper.

Greenbacks.

Ducats.

They're my clients.

I get 'em paid.

Hold up.

Why are you questioning me? You work for me.

I'm paying you.

You are my Hero for Hire.

Well, where's my money, honey? You still owe me from the party.

Look, I'm good for it, okay? Just get me safe, and I'll set you straight for life.



Why should I protect you? You tried to shoot me for fun.

I was just trippin', bro.

You know how we do.

Come on, man.

You're wasting my time.

We're done.

You just gonna give your word and take it back? sh*t! sh*t! Hey.

That's very unprofessional, brother, okay? No wonder you have a billion-dollar talent but work out of the back of a barbershop.

Hey.

Hey, I didn't know you was that sensitive, brother.

My bad.

My bad.

It's sprained.

I'm gonna splint it, and you're gonna tell me everything I need to know.

Sugar, guard the back.

Anyone comes near it, shoot first.

No questions asked.

I'm on it.

What about the front? Let me worry about it.

We'll get more guys.

Do you have time to get anybody? I'll take care of it.

Go wall off the back.

Copy.

Damn.

n*gg*s are posted up outside like it's the Alamo or some sh*t.

- What's going on? - Where you been? You ain't heard? They cut off Ray Ray's head and placed it in front of Chisholm Complex.

- What? - Bushmaster.

He k*lled Cockroach, too.

Where the hell were you? We're at w*r.

You want us to all spill blood with the Jamaican cats, who, against your advice, she sold her g*n business to? Your point? Ray Ray was good people.

Now, the rest? The Jamaicans k*lled them to put Mariah on front street.



Which makes me ask again: What's it got to do with you? Mariah gets back from the station, we'll decide what to do.

Decide? That's not a plan.

You got a better one? Mariah's with the cops.

The Jamaicans are cutting heads off.

Now, if you ask me, I say it's time to cut the b*tch loose.

We're not doing that.

What advice would you give you? You're getting way too emotional about this sh*t.

You're right.

Where you going? They want Piranha because they must be after the money.

That fool has access to every dime we earned on that Atreus Plastics deal.

If we're gonna find him, we don't need to go big.

That's probably what they expect.

We need to go special forces with this sh*t.

Like old times.

Me and you.

I thought we sold all these.

First rule of business? Never sell the good sh*t.

Rivals? We ain't got none.

How did your call with the chief go? I walked him through our theory that there's a connection between the heads that turned up tonight, the attack on Raymond Jones' party, and the murders last week of Arturo Rey in Harlem and Nigel Garrison in Brooklyn.

Did you tell him the Stylers are about to invade Harlem? I did.



I used the dreaded phrase that wakes up most politicians.

g*ng w*r.

And? He gave us 50 extra unis.

- You've got to be kidding me.

- That's the good news.

The bad news is that we've got 48 hours to get this thing under control, or the governor's sending in the National Guard and ICE.

They're gonna round up every Jamaican on sight, innocent or implicated.

- You got a better idea? - Yeah.

Our friend.

He's your friend.

Has he said hello to you today? That's what I thought.

He doesn't need to follow rules or a clock.

Luke Cage works when he feels like it.

Harlem's Hero, my a*s.

Luke Cage is not the problem or the target.

Now, none of this is random, and Mariah knows who and why.

Hold on.

We need to talk about Cockroach first.

How did you know where to go? I didn't.

The heads hadn't turned up yet.

I got to Cockroach's around quarter to 10:00.

Why'd you go there? I wanted to do a welfare check on Drea Powell.

Look, he had just put her back in the hospital.

- She said it was Cockroach? - She didn't have to say it.

It was in her eyes.

That's right.

Because eyes testify, right? So I got to the spot, went in, and that's when I found him sitting on the couch, draped in blood with his head missing.

I called it in.

You know the rest.

How'd you get inside? Was the door open? I picked the lock.

Look, my gut Your gut does not constitute probable cause.

What does it matter? We caught the body.

Let's work the case.

You contaminated the investigation.

There's a file on my desk.

Ben Donovan filed a complaint with IAB an hour after your chat with Mr.

Hamilton in his apartment.

The same apartment that he was beheaded in hours later.

Harlem is a g*dd*mn firecracker right now.

And that is way more important than me falling on my sword.

Now, let me get in there and talk to Mariah to get to the bottom of this before sh*t escalates any further.

Go home, Mercedes, until further notice.

I been knowing Mariah since I was a kid.

My whole life, man.

My mom was working for the Stokes.

So when I started making noise on Wall Street, she was one of the first people to support me.

You know, giving me clients, downtown connections.

- What did she want? - Money.

Real money.

She wanted to know more about offshore banking and stocks.

The crooked legal ways white folk get down when it comes to protecting their green.

She's surprising.

How so? She's bougier than Lawrence Otis Graham, but with the tenacity of Frank Lucas.

She's straight gully with her sh*t.

That's the problem.

It's what's coming out of the gully after her.

And you.

I have been sitting here for well over an hour.

I am sorry, May May.

In here, you're protected.

Out there, you're not.

- May May? Oh, hell, no.

- Want something from Red Rooster? You're a witness.

Relax.

No one thinks you're responsible.

That's always been your tell.

Your smile.

I am not that shy girl you held hands with in the ninth grade.

Ninth, tenth, and eleventh.

You don't remember? I never forget.

And then there was Karla, and that was that.

It's been 30 years? Thirty-five.

I'll give her your regards.

I didn't send them.

I'm not a suspect.

I can go.

You're free to go whenever you want.

Sayonara, baby.

- Misty.

- What? You can't be back here.

Captain's got paperwork for you to fill out.

- Really, Donnie? - Yeah.

Fine.

Before you leave, one question.

About the same time those heads rolled, five gunmen attacked a private party in an attempt to kidnap a man I think you might be familiar with.

Witnesses also put Luke Cage at the scene.

People say he might have rescued Raymond Jones.

Might have? Or did? I don't know.

No one's seen either one of them since.

We've got narcotraficante sh*t.

Pirates of the Caribbean-type sh*t.

And now it's in Harlem.

You remember the posses? This is the posses on steroids.

Talk to me, May May.

What do you know? I want protection.

For me and my daughter.

We'll protect you both.

I promise.

But I'm gonna need your help.

The heads.

Did you know any of them? Mark Higgins.

He was at my fundraiser last week.

What about Andre Jackson? Yes, that's Ray Ray.

He worked at the Paradise.

- Did you know he had a record? - Uh, yeah.

It's better to give a con a chance.

Turn him away, he got to rob you.

Dontrell Hamilton, ran a down-low gambling operation.

This was taken in Harlem's Paradise less than a week ago.

I don't work the door.

Nope.

Nope.

What can I say? Players wanna play.

We are the most exciting club in the city.

Then it's game over.

Now they're all dead.

We know about your g*n deal.

My g*n deal? You can't hide that from me.

You think your cousin prepared you for this? Cornell shot people, beat people to death.

He threw cats off of rooftops, but he always got rid of the bodies, and you know why? Because he feared the law.

Those Stylers don't fear a thing.

May May, if you don't cooperate with us, I can't protect you.

I'll be fine.

It's good to see you, Tommy.

Man, the British press ain't no joke.

They don't even censor this sh*t.

How'd you rig the game for Mariah? I just gave her some inside information.

What's wrong with that? It's illegal.

Well, it shouldn't be.

I mean, everybody does it.

Why they give you the weather conditions before a football game? Give you the injury report? Let you know when a coach is about to be fired? So people can make intelligent decisions on their bets.

- That's all the information is for.

- Sit down.

We took the g*n-sale cash and bought a whole lot of stock, 'cause I knew that Glenn Industries was gonna buy the company.

Which would take their investment and make it Ten times more.



Like when 50 had a piece of Vitaminwater before Coca-Cola bought it.

Exactly, my brother.

Only problem was the chairman of Atreus wanted to scuttle the sale.

But Mariah found a way.

Yep.

Wait, wait, wait.

Damn.

That's what she does.

Yeah, well So the vote sailed through, and bam.

Black Mariah Trump.

Fair, square, legal, untouchable.

That still doesn't explain why Bushmaster and the Stylers want you.

Are they mad at you because you made Mariah all that money? Is that why they put Mark Higgins' head on a stick? I do more than just manage money, brother.

I offer a whole suite of high-end services.

Everything from bespoke analytics and business intelligence, to temporary power of attorney over assets to prevent asset seizure.

- I mean, a piranha.

- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

You have power of attorney over Mariah's funds? Yeah, and the club, too.

Temporarily, I mean.

So what? So whoever controls you, controls Mariah and Shades.

All right, look, bruh.

I did everything you said.

I told you everything I know.

Just get me to my private jet, so I can get you paid and get the hell outta here.

This is Nope.

What? You're too valuable.

You're the Archduke Franz Ferdinand.

You're a living, breathing, one-man Crispus Attucks ghetto stash house.

The best bargaining chip ever.

I guess we're just gonna hunker down for the night.

And tomorrow morning, I'm gonna get you to the cops.



The morning? You know, you really suck at this whole "for hire" thing.

You realize that, right? I mean, just no professional ethics at all.

Just Just ghetto.

Support black business, brother.

Shoot.

You bulletproof.

I'm ghetto-proof.

That's some bullshit.

What's up, D.

W.

? I heard about that wild-a*s Ghostface party.

I know it's some honeys up in there looking all exotical and sh*t.

I could've used some footage.

You home yet? No.

Why? I saw two cats walking into the barbershop through the back door.

They didn't look like friends of yours.

Ooh! I have not been here in a minute.

Yeah, it's all come full circle.

And now that the Lenox Lounge is gonna be a Sephora, old Harlem suddenly feels new.

I remember when this place was a weed spot.

Streets are hot again.

And you're right at the center, as usual.

But why, is the question.

Three-quarter tax-free pension.

I'd give my right arm for that kind of package.

You know, you don't sugarcoat sh*t, and I appreciate that about you.

You know, I should tell you, I don't consult for the department anymore, so whatever you say to me tonight or moving forward is completely confidential.

Okay.

I was about to plant evidence on a guilty suspect.

But I discovered his body instead.

Well, that's one way to go about the job.

I'm about to get fired.

You probably should.

You don't think it's ever okay to do the wrong thing for the right reason? Life is funny like that.

If you get bit by a snake, paramedic poisons you again to cure you.

And God help you if you have a bad reaction, because, at that point, you'll wish you were dead.

Believe me.

What? There is no right answer.

Nobody gets a time machine.

Now, you need to figure out how to fix this.

You gotta be honest with yourself about who you are right now.

Not the you that everybody wants you to be.

And you're gonna have to dig deep.

You're gonna have to go inside the basement of your psyche, and dust things off and think about what's real.

Otherwise, it'll eat away at you.

And then who knows who you'll become? Auntie, go home.

We'll finish here.

My good, good nephew.

- Love you.

- Love you.

Babes, don't tarry.

Another man would've lost his head for the disrespect you showed tonight.

Do not talk to me like that.

The day I'm scared to speak my mind, Lord strike me dead.

Even you.

Come on.

Let's reason, you know.

I didn't save your life and help raise you for you to do the things you did tonight.

You know damn well why it's so.

The Stokes family, they took everything from us.

Mariah must burn! Then k*ll her.

I can't argue that.

But this terrorism makes our people look bad.

I don't care how we look.

You don't understand our people's position in this country? We come here with nothing, and build everything up from scratch.

Restaurants, car services, nursing, tax preparation, engineering.

We stress education, and we work hard.

You want people to be sent back? You want to make our people look so savage that this country turns on us? Come on.

This country already turned on us.

It began with the Stokes.

People think they can do whatever they want with no consequence.

No.

Then finish it with dignity, not suffering.

An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.

The past is gone.

You can't change it.

All you can do is build something for the next generation.

You're family.

I love you.

But you must find peace in your heart.

I say w*r.

I make it all the way out of Seagate just to get whacked over some beef I ain't even cook.

That's some funny sh*t.

Stubborn old b*tch.

Mariah hasn't been in this game as long as us.

She couldn't see what I saw.

Then why is she the one running things and not you? 'Cause you ain't seen what I seen.

When Luke Cage showed up, Cottonmouth mentally unraveled.

I saw him beat this dude to death with his bare hands.

He was becoming increasingly reckless.

I was never shook, but he was a problem.

That stubborn old b*tch pushed him right through that circular window and then finished his a*s off with a mic stand.

She fixed the problem.

You saw her do it? I was on my way there that night to k*ll his a*s myself.

She beat me to it.

She has ice in her veins, kid.

And I'm telling you, when it comes time to deal with the Stylers, she will not hesitate.

Who else knows she really k*lled Cottonmouth? Just you.

I can't trust anybody else.

I don't get you, B.

What's not to understand? Cottonmouth, Diamondback They knew what I know.

You're a born leader.

Brilliant.

But you finally got a chance to be in control and take charge, and you riding for someone who doesn't deserve the crown.

You should take that sh*t from her.

What's your plan? To live the American dream.

I got a loaded g*n, a hard d*ck and a pocket full of cash.

That's the American dream.

Right? There's more than this sh*t, and you know it.

Thousand-dollar suits, b*tches, champagne All that sh*t is cute, but when you have to k*ll to get it, you're gonna get k*lled if you keep it.

That's karma.

That's the life.

We do what we do.

But there's a better way, a bigger life one where you don't have to look over your shoulder every second.

Mariah's taught me that.

You're just out of prison, but you still have that mentality.

You gotta forget all that sh*t.

We don't have to be just gangsters.

We could be so much more than that.

We are more than that.

Or did you forget that sh*t, too? Inside was inside.

Lack of human interaction.

Lack of trust.

We did what we had to do to keep from going crazy.

We didn't have to do sh*t.

I wanted to.

You did, too.

Life inside is inside.

Prison has its own set of rules that no one in the outside world would ever understand.

We're out now.

It's different.

I'm different.

We're different.

I ain't different.

Inside, outside I am who I am, B.

- What do you want me to say? - Come on, man.

Cats out here getting their heads cut off.

Maybe we survive.

Maybe we don't.

I'm just saying how I feel.

I would die for you, Che.

That'll never change.

But it is what it is.

We need to find Lucas.

We're wasting our time here.

No time is ever really wasted.

Time reveals all.

Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system.

Tilda.

You can't just ghost me like that.

Call me.

Please.

You call me.

It's me.

Do you.

God! Hernan! I didn't mean to disturb you.

Come in.

Stay.

Pour me a drink, please.

Pour yourself a drink, too.

To trust and love.

Screw 'em both.

Everyone I ever loved has betrayed me.

Mama Mabel.

Uncle Pete.

Cornell.

Now Tilda.

- You don't mean that.

- Oh! When I really needed them, where they been? I'm sure Shades is Don't even get me started on Shades.

Yeah, bad-a*s b*tch.

If it weren't for Luke Cage, Piranha and everything I own would be long gone.

My sworn enemy is the only one I can trust to protect everything I've got left in this world.

Hey.

Over there.

Pull over.

They could be in there.

Call Sheldon.

Can I use your phone? Nope.

Oh, come on, brother.

Look, I got people that I care about who are probably worried about me.

Don't you? Man, stop trying to bond with me.

You know, I'm fueled by failure.

See, my mother was one of Mama Mabel's hoes.

- Her best one.

- You sound proud of that.

Desiree.

One of her regulars was a banker.

He's big-time.

You know.

He promised to get her out the life.

He fell in love with her hard.

But that was bullshit, because he wasn't gonna leave his wife.

So my mom just had me, and he stopped calling.

In fact, you know that book on my desk? Why Should White Guys Have All the Fun? Yeah, that was his.

He left it behind in her room.

You know, I went to see him after I graduated City College and he had me escorted out his office.

I made Forbes "30 Under 30," and he lost everything in the mortgage crisis.

But guess who showed up with their hands out? I told that bastard he could take a hike.

I know that must've felt good.

Aw, that sh*t felt great.

In the moment even though I never saw him again.

I'll tell you what's better than great: paying all my mom's bills, you know, calling her at least once a day.

I'm my own father.

Your father was a reverend, right? He was a preacher.

What's his name? Reverend what? Reverend Nunya.

That Swahili? You could say that.

You really don't like me asking about your daddy, huh? - What happened? - Nunya business, man.

Is he in your life? Not exactly.

Are we done? Why not? Because when I went to prison, he didn't believe I was innocent.

And when I got out, I didn't need him.

Okay? I get it.

I don't need you to get it.

Well, I do.

I also get why you keep running around town, trying to save everybody else.

You're just running from yourself.

You need to go see your daddy.

I think I know what I gotta do.

Really? What's that? I gotta take you to the cops.

Luke, where are you? I'm holed up in a theater with Piranha.

He's the key to this whole thing.

He can bring down Mariah, Shades, even Bushmaster.

He's got control over her money.

He can speak to her money laundering and insider trading.

That's federal time.

Give me an address.

I'll come to you.

No, you'll expose us.

Bushmaster's got gypsy cabs patrolling the neighborhood.

Are there any distinguishing marks on the cabs? Yeah, they got some kind of logo on the door, Jamaican colors: black, gold, green with a hint of red.

Bingo.

I just spotted one right outside the precinct.

sh*t! He took off.

But I got the license plate and I clocked the logo.

His a*s is mine now.

Piranha, it's not funny.

Where you at? Hurry, before he finds us.

Ah, sh*t! I got to call home, damn it! - Wait! - Get him down there, and shut him up.

Luke! Luke! - sh*t.

- Help, Luke! Help! Help! Piranha! Run! Run! Come this way! Enough! Go, go, go! Get him up! You okay? That sh*t was dope! Come on, let's go.

I'll get you someplace safe.

God damn! God damn I gave you one job.

You don't give me jobs.

We're either partners or we're not.

It's gone.

Everything.

Everything is gone.

- We'll get it back.

- Oh, God.

My dream, just All of the handshaking, all the baby- and a*s-kissing, every campaign I ever waged was about my dream for this community.

Family First! I swore I would take that hard-a*s woman's mantra and just make it into something good and beautiful, and it would wash away all of the v*olence and the m*rder and the hurt.

Wash it away, and now the dream has exploded.

- Doesn't have to.

- No, don't Go ahead and say it! Say it! You warned me about Bushmaster, but I was so greedy I couldn't hear it.

I sold my Harlem to a crazed bush n*gga.

This whole shitshow is because of me.

What's done is done.

It's time now to take care of our enemies.

Do you hear me? I'm listening.

The night after you closed the g*n deal, I followed Bushmaster back to Brooklyn.

Wasn't easy.

He's paranoid as hell.

And I found his go-to spot.

A Jamaican restaurant called Gwen's.

He has friends there.

Maybe even family.

Good.

Good.

What do you want to do? Wait till we get Piranha back.

And then? Uh-huh.

May I ask you a question? Who else knew about what happened to Tone? Besides Turk and Cornell? Nobody.

What about Spurlock? He just burned the body.

That's all? No one else knows? Nobody else.

Why? Just wondering.

That's what I was doing at Cockroach's apartment.

I went there to plant evidence.

The son of a b*tch was suing Luke, he beat the sh*t out of Drea, and I wanted payback.

Okay.

I can work with that.

Work with it? I almost framed a man.

- But you didn't.

- Because he was already dead.

The fact that you're in here confessing speaks volumes.

So, that's it? I get a stern talking to, and then I go back out there and do the job? No, you have to live with what you did.

What if I can't? In case you haven't noticed, there's a w*r raging in our streets.

Yeah, I've noticed the w*r.

It's the same one that we have been fighting for years, and sh*t doesn't change.

But the rules of engagement do, and if I do it your way, nothing happens.

Zilch.

And the other way, I become Scarfe.

And I cannot become Scarfe.

- I'm not worried you will.

- Yeah, well, you're not me.

Misty, don't.

I can't accept that.

I'm done.

I will turn in my paperwork tomorrow.

I'm I'm sorry, Captain.

I really am.

How long are we supposed to sit here? Well, it's about time.

I can't stay.

But I need your help.

Anything.

This is Raymond Jones.

He needs a place to hide.

Friends call me Piranha.

It's a honor to meet the reverend behind the big man.

So, tell me, how was he as a kid? Was he always this strong? Mr.

Jones, if you wouldn't mind, could you just give us a moment, please? - Oh, yeah.

Go 'head.

Do you.

Do you.

- Thank you.

What's going on? Piranha's in trouble.

I'm trying to get him out of it.

Does this have anything to do with all that craziness last night at that party? Or with the heads on pikes? Look, I'll tell you everything when I get back.

But for now, can he stay? The church is a sanctuary.

Of course he's welcome.

And so are you.

Just make sure he doesn't leave, okay? And you stay off the streets, too.

It's not safe.

Is it safe for you? Hey! If I'm not back in an hour, you call Mercedes Knight at the Harlem PD.

She'll protect you.

And what are you gonna do? What I do.

What's the word? You find them? No, they haven't.

And they won't.

I've got something you want.

Piranha Jones.

And what you want in return? A good old-fashioned showdown.

You and me.

Today.

No weapons.

No sneak attacks.

A fair fight.

If you win, you get Piranha.

If I win, you leave him and Harlem alone.

Where? High Bridge.

Let's say High noon.

I love those cowboy movies.

Luke Cage! John McIver.

Born in Brooklyn.

Raised in Kingston.

m*rder*d your way to the top of the Stylers.

Now you're in Harlem.

You wanna write my life story? No, but I might edit it.

You braggadocious? I've fought gangsters with powers, maniacs looking for cheap revenge and immortality.

Is that you? I'm not interested in anything cheap.

Revenge is expensive.

So that's it? This w*r for Harlem is about revenge against Mariah? Why? History.

Destiny.

You can't fight with the ancestors.

- Don't you wanna live your own life? - And do what? Hmm? Get a job? Love a woman? Raise children? - Sounds good to me.

- Is that your life? No.

Not while I have to deal with people like you.

You have power.

I have power.

Why fight one another when we could join together and take it from Mariah? Hmm? Because you're a homicidal criminal.

And, for better or worse, I'm Harlem's Hero.

You talk too much to be a hero.

Heroes do.

You're done.

Give up.

Can't move.

You're paralyzed.

There are things that come from the earth, power you won't understand.

Respect.

Under different circumstances, we could have been friends.
